Add LIP "Introduce numbering scheme for transaction types" (#62)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-introduce-numbering-scheme-for-transaction-types.md

Type: Informational
Created: <YYYY-MM-DD>
Updated: <YYYY-MM-DD>
```

## Abstract

This LIP proposes a consistent versioning system for transaction types. This versioning system may also be used in the SDK for custom transaction development. 

## Copyright

This LIP is licensed under the [Creative Commons Zero 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

## Motivation

The successive objectives defined in the [protocol roadmap](https://lisk.io/roadmap) for Lisk will introduce new transaction types and several breaking changes in the current transaction objects. In order to have a consistent way to release these breaking changes, an unambiguous and straightforward versioning scheme for transaction types should be defined. This versioning scheme has to link unequivocally a transaction type with a specific transaction schema, validation and execution logic. This facilitates not only future development and code maintenance but also the compatibility with third party services.

Moreover, this proper versioning scheme has to ensure that transactions confirmed in previous protocol versions cannot be replayed in the current or any future version.

## Rationale

> This LIP proposes a consistent procedure to assign a value to the type property of any  transaction. In LIP  [Define schema and use generic serialization for transactions](https://research.lisk.io/t/define-schema-and-use-generic-serialization-for-transactions/211) the property `type` has already been declared as `uint32`, so we have a larger range to use.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This LIP proposes a consistent procedure to assign a value to the type property of any  transaction. In LIP  [0028](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/master/proposals/lip-0028.md) the property `type` has already been declared as `uint32`, so we have a larger range to use.   
```
